Troubleshooting failed custom envs - cache vs. fresh pull (#511)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.3/troubleshooting_and_faqs/studios_troubleshooting.mdx

When adding a compute environment, setting the Advanced options **Head job CPUs** and **Head job memory** for Nextflow **also applies** to any Studio session created in the compute environment. This is because Studio sessions are managed by the Nextflow runner job. To avoid artifically constraining the resources of your Studio sessions, **do not define these optional compute environment settings**.

## Rebuild of a failed custom Studios environment: rebuilding from cache

> Occassionally, building a custom Studios image using the Wave service will fail, typically due to conflicting libraries. When attempting to rebuild the image, if it has the same name and tag, Studios and Wave will use the cached version (if available). Changing the version number and/or tag will ensure that the custom image is freshly pulled again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, building a custom Studios image using the Wave service will fail. This is typically due to conflicting libraries. When attempting to rebuild the image, if it reuses the same name and tag, Studios and Wave will use the cached version (if available). Changing the version number and/or tag will ensure that the custom image is freshly pulled again.
```
